section Emanuele dude so the focus
shifts to a manual Sandhu the meteor
skyrocketed on to the senior scene last
year finished second is he a serious
threat to Elvis Stojko 'he's title he's
the leader we will find out right now
he looks extremely focused went
very well
if he lands this opening triple axel
combination he will be off to the races
beauty
here is his quadruple attempt he has
never attempted this before he talks
his very first attempt of
competition
what composure
one more triple axel planet lands this
he has seriously put the heat on Elvis
the heat is on
does everything with such quality is for
moods in the field everything
oh and there's the first mistake
the focus here right through to the end
he's tried tried it again
again
he was about 30 seconds away from an
outstanding performance
the door is open
but he is indeed the real deal
there is a solute in the Ottawa Civic
Center
to Canadian skating's millennium man
no doubt about it he is the future this
man is the present can he deliver
Elvis last skater of the night
only 18 years old Emanuele Sandhu with
coach Joanne MacLeod he was minutes away
from a masterpiece a zone he came around
the corner he's the corner he saw Joanne
McLeod his coach I think that broke the
focus here's his quad attempt you can
see the landing he touches down but what
an attempt for a first try
and the triple axel one of the most
difficult jumps in the face of the earth
and he really fought for that one that
was the second one I was surprised that
he went for this a second time because I
don't think he had any chance of doing
this the focus was broken here he should
have just kept on he still could win the
Canadian championship based on what
Elvis does look at the marks for
technical merits but safe to presume
that he's headed to the Worlds and will
represent Canada remember what happened
to him in last year's world's severe
disappointment oh and look at the
presentation
he may not win it this year but he'll be
a Canadian champion if not tonight
someday down the